iostat: add page (#13119)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/iostat.md

# iostat

> Report statistics for devices.
> More information: <https://ss64.com/mac/iostat.html>.

- Display snapshot device statistics (kilobytes per transfer, transfers per second, megabytes per second), CPU statistics (percentages of time spent in user mode, system mode, and idle mode), and system load averages (for the past 1, 5, and 15 min):

`iostat`

- Display only device statistics:

`iostat -d`

- Display incremental reports of CPU and disk statistics every 2 seconds:

`iostat 2`

> - Display statistics for the first disk every second ad infinitum:

Author: This [isn't](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_infinitum) a typo.

> - Display statistics for the first disk every second ad infinitum:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display statistics for the first disk every second indefinitely:
```
Not everyone may know what ad infinitum mean
```suggestion
- Display statistics for the first disk every second ad infinitum (indefinitely):
```
